welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna dip our toes into some
Korean horror with the 2016 film the
whaling if you are here looking for
holistic remedies to your itchy weeping
rash please consider subscribing to the
channel let's get to it we open on
jeongu a local police sergeant waking at
dawn due to the report of a deceased
woman in town when he arrives on scene
he's led past the perp to the brutalized
remains of the two victims which
provides early indications the cause of
death was not natural causes an unusual
scene for this small village we then
transitioned to a man in the woods
playing finders keepers with the
bitching deer carcass before pulling a
Chris Farley down the side of the
mountain he regains consciousness the
sight of a stranger in the woods adorned
with only a loincloth like a primitive
Chad rummaging through his rucksack and
partaking of the flesh this strange
animal man senses he's being watched as
is his preference and sneaks up on the
old chap before we snap back to the
station where we learned this is a bit
of local folklore recounted by the
Sarge's deputy so Bob he's using the
story about a stranger who recently
arrived in town to explain the bizarre
violent behavior attributed to the
recent murderers
bhishan who confirms it's likely the
result of consuming some local mushrooms
some mock however is a huge advocate of
psychedelics and insists they wouldn't
cause that type of reaction because like
they come from the earth man things
worse than next night when gyeonggu
arrives at a house fire where a
disgruntled victim is in the process of
losing her damn mind and lightly ravages
him as he regains his composure he makes
note that the stranger is in the crowd
watching the plot thickens the next
morning is the same woman as found
hanging in front of the charred remains
of her abode in addition the three
victims found inside died from stab
wounds rather than asphyxiation and the
recent murder suspects have all been
found to be covered in itchy red boils
as song Bach goes to check with the
local dermatologists joong-gu tries to
get us some relaxation time at the crime
scene as a young woman very annoyingly
pepper's his general vicinity with
stones she presents herself as a witness
to the crime and warns him to steer
clear of the stranger because he's a
ghost
but then she disappears making it seem
like it is she who is the one who was a
ghost when he searches for her
site of something strange in the trees
that looks like yeah it's the stranger
he is getting into something there but
then he wakes up but we do learn quickly
that his report of confronting a witness
did happen in reality they go to visit
the mountain victim who asserts his
account of the woodland confrontation is
true and presents evidence he also
points them in the general direction of
the strangers cottage the next morning
as Jung whose daughter Huijin begins
behaving abnormally his mother-in-law
resolves to order the services of a
local shaman the officers then arrive at
the strangers house with song bucks
cousin who speaks Japanese the house is
mostly empty save for a couple of very
active shrine rooms one for the gods and
one for their human victims when the dog
gets loose in the stranger returns they
slink out hoping to avoid any trouble
from their illegal activities some
buckas in a daze about the sheer volume
of victims he saw and reveals he found
one of fusions trainers among the
personal effects when jungle questions
her later she lets him know that the
deets are on a need-to-know basis dad
confident that he's found ample evidence
of her possession they put a rush on the
shaman while he goes back out to bust
some heads the photo booth is now empty
and when asked his purpose the stranger
intimates that they wouldn't understand
younggu presses further but when ignored
ends up popping off with a pickaxe this
results in an unfortunate confrontation
with the dog and then he gives the
stranger three days to leave town the
next day we learn of another family
annihilation and that the suspect Park
Geun Bey has gone missing
as things worsen with huge in the shaman
prepares the house for a ritual as the
stranger prepares his body for a ritual
of his own which appears to include the
corpse of park sunbae the evening that
unfolds in two distinctly different ways
of these separate locations for everyone
except the chickens as things reach a
crescendo and we see both yo shin and
the stranger are physically suffering
the ritual is cut off early negating its
effectiveness with the ocean in the
hospital and a rejection of help from
the father he decides to verify with his
own eyes whether the stranger is indeed
a ghost so he gathers up the boys for
backup and they load up their best
weapons but they find the cottage empty
again they do find Park Chun wandering
around in the woods in their attempts to
separate him from their faces in the
ensuing confrontation they learned that
compassion is their weakness as is also
their physical weakness they're only
saved by happenstance due to the body's
amazing capacity for spontaneous
reconfiguration
they then spot and chase the stranger
through the woods but the trail runs
cold in his injured State he finds
himself pursued by the witness the men
drive home in the rain dejected that
they failed to find their alleged
tormentor until he drops in on them and
it seems kinda like he's not a demon or
ghost but with hewn on the mend it also
seems like everything worked out for the
best regardless so sorry you had to die
the shaman arrives at their house that
evening and suffers some violent bodily
effusions the witness emerges from the
shadows and drives him away he flees but
then thinks to call jong-gu and warn him
that he miss Eames his hex because the
culprit is a young woman rather than the
stranger he rushes home and finds the
young woman outside and she warns him
that the stranger and shaman are working
together to trick him she also alerts
him that she set a trap for them but if
he goes back to his house now his whole
family will die meanwhile the Deacon has
returned to the mountain cottage and
found a reborn version of the stranger
hiding in a nearby cave despite his
attempts to convince him he's not a
ghost
due to his ample flesh and bone the
deacon insists that he show him its true
form and as younggu rushes into his home
breaking the trap we get some evidence
that the stranger may have had something
to do with these unfortunate events the
shaman then arrives to snap some
pictures of the scene and add them to
the collection the wailing was a highly
regarded horror film and is definitely
worth checking out clocking in at two
and a half hours there are tons of
layers and subtext that I couldn't
include here Korean horror films are
generally held up as unflinchingly
brutal in most cases so if you're
squeamish this is a good place to start
since it's not if you enjoyed the video
I'd love for you to become a part of the
channel by subscribing thanks for
watching